Abrar Sher | Katherine Chuang | December 5, 2019

HERE IS THE URL FOR THE FEEDBACK RESPONSE GOOGLE DOC
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AhjP_nEqq41vKniPkPJmUNUUy1EtdbQd7NiYg51WhRI/edit?usp=sharing

I think I did a decent job with my presentation, but there are a lot of things that I could possibly work on. The first thing that I could work on is the speed of my speech. I am known to talk very fast and without hesitation. I also often slurp a lot as a result of my fast speech. Most of the feedback that I got  indicated that I should slow down my speech and talk a lot slower. Moving forward, I’m definitely going to think about trying to slow down my voice so more people can understand and comprehend what I say. Maybe I can pause more and focus more on the pronunciation of my words and articulating my sentences clearly. I think this will definitely help the audience keep attentive and awake at my presentation.
Another aspect of my presentation that I could have done better on is the slide content. I had way too much information on the slides and wasn’t able to complete it all on time. This was also a large part of the feedback that I received, so moving forward, maybe I can work on timing my presentation better and removing a lot of unnecessary content. 
	Also, if I were to do this presentation again, I would maybe focus more on a specific topic. Or I’d split the presentation into two presentations. THe first would be a more general overview of architecture and design, and the second would be about Dependency Injection. This was my original topic, but then I realized I needed to give a general overview of software architecture, design and solid principles first before getting into Inversion of Control containers and the Dependency Injection pattern. I also wanted to give real live working examples using Asp.Net core and Spring but cramming all that info in would have made it way too long.
I have a bad habit of filling my slides with fluff and trying to get as much information that I know onto the slides. This causes an abundance of slides and words on slides. I’m going to focus more on ensuring that I only put up relevant, informative, and interesting information on the slide instead of every little fact that I know. It’ll help me stay on track and avoid going over. Another tip that will help me is reviewing my presentation beforehand. This is something that I often stay away from doing and I notice the effect it has on my presentation because of it. So being succinct and articulate with my words as well as receiving my presentation beforehand are two things I’m going to work on moving forward.
I don’t think I'd restructure the order of my talk. I really liked it and it seemed as if the audience liked it as well since I got a lot of good feedback on it. What I would do, however, as mentioned above, is to possibly remove some extra slides that I ended up skipping over. Or maybe I’d not go over some of the slides that I did go over in favor of those that I didn’t I think some of the slides that I skipped like the ones on Dependency Inversion were really important and interesting. If I’d kept it there instead of something less important like going over one of the SOLID principles, it might’ve been better. Some of the feedback I got told me to do that as well. They discussed how I brushed over a lot of the concepts and didn't really go in depth. 
Interest in this topic is the main reason I decided to do it. I’m very interested in software architecture and design. It’s one of the most important factors that goes into becoming a great software engineer. Anyone can learn to code, but not everyone can learn to architect. That’s why architects get paid more and are usually regarded as smarter and more intelligent programmers. I was even going to have someone record my presentation so I could put it up on youtube as one of the comments suggested, so I may actually do that. I’ll record it at home and put them up along with some of my other programming videos online.
In terms of the difference between lower quantitative scores and higher quantitative scores, I can’t really say much. All my scores were 4’s or 5’s, and my average was 4.7,4.3,4.9,4.7 and they were all in the similar range. Overall, I really enjoyed presenting on this topic and will definitely continue to research more and present more on it.
